more we
welcome to helios to technologies and
to the active hangers to this fact
now almost twenty years that
helios consultation space
ophthalmology opened on
active center was created in
2004 to pau today real pole
of excellence our two centers brings together
nine specialist doctors in the
complementary activities make it possible
support all types of
ocular pathologies
whether it's just a prescription
glasses
treatment of a condition
particular of a georgian need the
pathologies treated in our center
are cataract glaucoma the
refractive surgery
corneal transplantation the pathologies of
the retina the pediatric ophthalmology
contact lenses surgery
aesthetic of the eyelids the ways
lacrimal
strabismus we are offering a
warm and functional space
organized around a waiting room
spacious and comfortable
they are equipped with a technical platform
modern and efficient where patients
are supported by a team of
vision professionals and this in
optimal conditions
we carry out on site all the
Ophthalmological examinations
patients need
we pay a lot of attention to
choice of medical devices
privileging safety and comfort
patients to provide care to
quality
our team consists of doctors
orthoptists nurses
and allowing medical secretary
specialized care of all
ocular pathologies
to complete this information we
invite you to visit our site
Internet
ophthalmology shooting and helios point com
m